Fengminghou Road
Catch up with the dragon
The highest-profile Skylark
Linze, you're about to get into trouble
Meet the Phoenix Monkey
Zhou Heng
Who allowed you to open the Skylark Gate without permission?
When the wind rises, the lord will see clearly.
We didn't open this lark door.
It has nothing to do with us.
That's right, my lord
We are not qualified
I don't have the ability to open the door.
Zhou Xiaowei said that the doorman who opened the door was Long Shuai's doorman
I don't know if it's true or not
Doorman
That's the guy.
He not only opened the lark gate without permission
He still wants to pull out the Eight Desolate Python Blade
Who dares to make trouble in Heaven Dou Skylark?
Ordered to Huda Xino
This really has nothing to do with us.
It's all this door
He is the culprit
It's all about this kid's lawlessness
They didn't listen to us.
If he really pulled out the Eight Wilderness Saber
That is the national luck under the dragon
He removed the majesty of Long Shuai
Unforgivable
Lord Fuminhou sent such a big message.
Lin Ce is dead now
I've never heard of it.
Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai
And a doorman.
Who are you? Turn around
Feng Minghong, we meet again
How are you